hey what's up you guys we are here with
Amy and fik-shun and you guys had a good
night tonight I mean you guys got some
really good compliments from from Nigel
let's first and start with Chris so you
know you got hip hop you got Chris were
you happy to get hip hop again where you
kind of like yes oh well I love hip-hop
but it's not my style so you know it
takes me a while to get that groove and
that to relax into it to make it seem
normal but this one helps a lot so you
know and we always have something where
we can like have a character we can be
someone so feeding off of that actually
makes like the moves come easier okay
what whose idea was it to put actual
water in the pitcher Chris okay Chris
Scott I know him so we're gonna beat him
up we know him what the hell Chris we
all saw it and we're like who the hell
it spills everywhere get you out with
the menu makes you slip next time you
have to do the fake water guys still
played it off like ball as it worked out
so you guys got hip hop what what did
you take about Nigel's comment about
different characters is it hard because
you kind of get you know a choreographer
tells you what to play is a little
difficult or I mean how are you guys
going to make sure that you guys are not
the same characters next week I feel
like it's more about when they give us a
character they say this is how would to
portray like not necessarily to where
you're being the same person but just
some people take in different emotions
differently so they say you you're a
happy character and like you're happy
may be different from a happy that
someone else may perceive it but it
still reads the same all you want you to
be serious like in the Paso Doble like
your seriousness and your strength may
come from a different place than someone
else's so I feel like you just have to
make it individually you I feel like
when you do that it will never be
exactly the same I mean they can be
similar in terms of the character gets
across and you read it well but I feel
like they can everybody exactly the same
will you just take especially with
different dances different music has
different feels so you have your
different points where you can smile all
you have to be serious or like you're in
the groove so I feel like it's just some
is that innocence nooo we watch the old
school videos of you guys dancing yours
wasn't bad because you were like you
know not that young and you were
battling it was great wasn't weird
though watching guys as little kids on
like knowing that national TV is going
to see you guys
kids and you usually only your mom sees
it I feel like people so sees his little
kids time on stage um but I don't know I
guess mine was just like really spastic
because I I still AM spastic does I have
a I'm a ball of energy so it I thought
it was funny i don't know i enjoy
laughing at myself i was a crazy kid you
know I didn't feel with the nigel saying
that if you guys had points and we kind
of like push the points along you guys
would be far ahead I mean how does that
make you guys feel with your confidence
level knowing that you know you guys are
definitely getting the votes and getting
pushed through I'm I feel like we can't
take it to the head I feel like um it
feels good to hear that um it does at
the same time it it still does build
more pressure because if I we have to
stick to a standard or be better than we
were before and we can't just get we
can't get comfortable cuz I feel like as
soon as we get comfortable that's when
it just all goes down here because you
feel like all wall we got it we can
afford to you know be not so good this
week and just be better next week
because every performance counts and
every time we go on stage you want to
give it hundred percent no matter what
so lastly if you could dance on any
stage on the planet there's so many
different stages there's like award
shows stages there's like you know
Broadway stages there's there's so many
different stages out there what would be
like the dream stage to dance on Madison
Square Garden they have a stage right
that would be freaking amazing yeah I
have to sorry I degree that was my one
my head I guess that one right there
report yes do I were partners I win this
thing Madison work Square Gardens they
come right yes yes congratulations they
make it through another week they got
more love from the judges and we will
see you guys back here next week when
the top ten is revealed yes fingers
crossed alright fiction and Amy here so
you think you could dance